The clattering of pans and skillets being pulled from drawers startled
Remy awake. Groggily moaning and flipping over he pressed a pillow
around his head. The continuing noise of Clark's breakfast in progress
refused to let him fallback asleep and he was soon stumbling into the
bathroom.

Clark wasn't a bad guy, he just wasn't particularly aware. The number of
times he had kept Remy awake, or woke him up was probably nearing the
thousands by now, matched only by the pounds of food he had cooked
whenever he did so. It almost seemed planned sometimes; like Clark
purposely woke him up because he had made too much food or wanted to
gossip about this or that.

Remy washed off his face and finished brushing his teeth as he mulled
over his thoughts. Dwelling a little while on if Clark purposely woke
him or not before walking through the hall and into the kitchen. The
smell of oregano and cheese was strong, and the sight of two massive
omelets confirmed his suspicions. Clark looked over his shoulder and
smiled. His voice shook with the rhythm of his swipes on the counter.

"Morning sunshine! Ready for breakfast?"

Remy walked up to the table and inspected the egg. "What've we got here?
Oregano and cheddar omelet?"

"Oh more than that! I folded some spinach in there. Chopped it real
fine, and mixed in the oregano, and a bit of my special ingredient",
Clark beamed proudly and hoisted a pot of coffee to the table.

Raising his eyebrow speculatively, Remy happily accepted a hot cup from
the excited chef. "Special, huh? What's the special?"

Clark's face somehow split into an even wider grin, "it's a secret, but
you'll know it when you taste it"

"How do you know I'll like it?", eyes roving the opening he had just
made with a fork, Remy watched some type of sauce leak out and shrugged.
"I haven't been disappointed by your cooking yet I guess"

Clark sat down across the table and began working on his own omelet,
heartedly chewing and sipping coffee. He pressed on Remy a little more,
eager to get feedback on his recipe. "It ain't going to hurt ya Remy, eat
up!"

The oregano was a powerful smell, masking whatever the sauce's odor was
with it's own spicy aroma. His fork wound with egg, cheese, and sauce he
took a bite. Smacking his lips and exhaling sharply as the taste
exploded across his tongue.

"Hot sauce?"

"Not just hot sauce!" insulted, Clark began listing the various peppers
and ingredients he had used, voice steadily climbing as he recounted the
hours he had spent selecting each item used.

"Okay! Okay! But yeah? _Special_ hot sauce?"

He pointed at him with a fork and emphasized each word, "_special_ hot
sauce"

Remy rolled his eyes and continued eating. Grunting appreciably as the
flavors washed over his pallet. Clark continued talking about the recipe
until he silenced himself by draining his entire cup of coffee at once.
His face ripped in a large grin, he guffawed and launched into the
details of his day's plans. Remy sipped his own coffee and nodded while
Clark washed his dishes.

"Anyway, I'll catch you later, got a big dinner planned tonight! The
mayor's eating at my place!", his steps thundering down the hallway
followed by the doors creak and slam, Clark exited the building.

The apartment silent, Remy sat and rubbed his temples while he finished
his breakfast. Clark's enthusiasm was overwhelming sometimes, especially
in the morning. An alarm from his room interupted Remy's thoughts, and 
started him out his chair. Scuffling down the hallway, he knocked a fist 
against the top of the alarm and glanced out the window.

The street below was dark despite the rising Sun's rays. Their yellow
shine lit the rooftops across the street from his window, the still
drawn shades of his neighbors reflecting some light onto the road below,
but not much. Remy stood still for a moment before lifting the window
and poking his head out.

The noise of the small city tried to talk to him. The rustle of the
ragged bushes on the island in the street, the whiz of air as each car
drove speedily through the area. His nose picked up the wafting of fresh
baked bread from a bakery on the corner. While his ears heard the
distant horns of traffic jams and the clapping of feet as workers rushed
into doorways and coffee shops punctuated the din. The small town was
waking up.

Turning away, Remy moved back into his own wake-up routine. Belly full
from Clark's meal, he quickly showered and brushed his teeth. Thinking
about his plans for the day and what he might end up doing. As a
journalist he was often moving from place to place, and this was one of
the things he loved about his career. Of course, after running around
taking notes he had to sit, type, wait and climb the bureaucratic ladder
to get things published, but that was alright. At least so long as his
boss didn't biâ€”

The phone on his desk split his thoughts and he stopped drying himself
momentarily as he shifted the knot of his towel to one hand and took the
shrill device in the other. "Hello?"

"Remy, you're going downtown today."

"What's the scoop?"

"Got a guy phoning me every 5 minutes right now, says he knows more
about that accident that happened last night."

"That crash on the interstate?"

"That's the one"

"Since when do we care about car crashes? The t.v. station already
talked about it last night."

"Well, get this...", his boss began, Remy rolled his eyes and knew
immediately where this was going"

"Let me guess. Cover up?"

"That's what the guys saying! So we might have a big scoop here, I want
you down there yesterday Remy, talk to this guy, get his info, write
some gold."

"You sure he's not a nutter?" Remy recalled the last time his boss had
sent him to talk to a lead: 3 days of mud, nearly eaten by a gator, and
a wet set of boots that still smelled like swamp, "I don't want a repeat
of last time"

"This guy's legit, get out there! I'm paying you extra for any juice
that comes from this." He heard a shuffle of the other line, "got a pen?
Here comes the address"

Within the hour Remy was driving out towards the interstate, a set of
questions in hand and a well versed set of swears streaming as he
complained to empty air about his bosses love of tabloid-like stories. 

<hr>
