The early morning fog lay in grey pillows across the water front.
Concrete buildings and large steel containers littered the dock, giving
the area a half finished industrial feeling. Remy's old car sputtered
and shook as he drove it; with its frame partially showing through the
patchwork interior, it fit right in with the partially constructed
buildings nearby. His car bumped onto the gravel path, squeeled loudly
and came to a halt by what he assumed to be the administrative building.

Double checking the address he had scrawled on the paper, Remy peered at
the rusting sign by the door into the shack. Brown letters spelled out
what he assumed to be the owners last name. Stepping out of his car Remy
knocked on the door before pushing in:

"Shears? Hello? I'm from the paper?"

The sound of papers rustling drew him towards an open door in the
office. As he began rounding around the frame he nearly ran into the
woman coming out. Startled, she pulled a set of headphones from her ears
and put a hand to her chest to settle her nerves.

"Can I help you?"

"Sorry, yes, I'm here about the accident?" He paused, her blank stare
prompting more: "a man called, saying he knew something about the
accident that happened last night? On the interstate?"

"Has my dad been prank calling strangers again?" Her eyes rolled,
"listen, my father likes to make up stories and --"

The door swung open and the light was momentarily blocked as someone
entered the room. Remy turned into the voluminous sound calling out to
him.

"You must be from the paper! I called ____, your boss! What's your
name?"

Despite the scowl he felt from the man's daughter on his back, the
warmth and exuberance emanating from the large man made him smile as he
took his hand.

"Remy sir, nice to meet you."

"I'll leave you crazies to it" the woman said as she pushed past Remy
and scooped up a set of notebooks from the desk, "someone's got to do
some work around here"

Mr Shears smiled and waddled further in into the room to let his
daughter pass by. As she stepped out an infectious grin split his face
wider. "She's a fiery one isn't she? Industrious! Just like her mother,
always busy", he settled his bulk into a sad looking office chair and
looked up expectantly.

"Mr Shears--"

"No need to stand on ceremony Rem', call me Charlie!"

"Charlie, I was told you've got a story to tell me?"

The larger man became sullen suddenly, shuffling his feet a little to
pull the chair closer. He gestured for Remy to sit and was quiet as he
waited for him.

"I was out late last night you see. Poker game, small change, had a
couple drinks with the boys and won a few hands before I called it a
night. But, on my way home I was on the highway, and" he leaned in
closer, "I saw it happen"

"The accident?"
